1. At line 12, 3 will be printed out to the console since the loop terminates when i = 3 and i was declared using var so it is accessible outside of the loop.
2. At line 13, 150 will be printed out to the console since that is the value of 0.5 \* 300 which was the last discountedPrice calculated in the loop. It is accessible outside of the for loop since discountedPrice is declared using var.
3. At line 14 150 will be printed since 150 was the last finalPrice calculated from the value of 300, the last price in prices.
4. This function will return an array [50, 100, 150]. This is an array that has the discounted prices of each item in the prices input array. This array was made by taking every item in the prices array and multiplying it by (1 - discount) and then rounding the discountedPrice into finalPrice pushing that finalPrice into the discounted array which is them returned.
5. Nothing will happen at line 12 since the function discountPrices is never called. If it is called, there will be an error since i is declared in the for loop using let and it is not accessible at line 12.
6. There will be an error at line 13 since the varialbe "discountedPrice" was declared using let inside the for loop and it is not accessible at line 13.
7. 150 will be printed on line 14 since the variable "finalPrice" is decalred in the same block using let so it is accessible. 150 is the "finalPrice" calculated in the last iteration of the loop since it is 0.5 \* 300.
8. This function will return an array [50, 100, 150]. This is an array that has the discounted prices of each item in the prices input array. This array was made by taking every item in the prices array and multiplying it by (1 - discount) and then rounding the discountedPrice into finalPrice pushing that finalPrice into the discounted array which is them returned. The array "discounted" was declared in the same block using let so it is able to be returned.
9. There will be an error at line 11 since "i" is declared using let inside the for loop where it is not accessible at line 11.
10. At line 12 the value 3 will be printed since the variable "length" is declared inside the function block using const with a value of 3.
11. The function will return the discounted array which has the value [50, 100, 150]. This is because the returned variable "discounted" is declared using a const so it is accessible by the return variable. The values inside "discounted" are calculated inside the for loop where the prices in "prices" are multiplied by (1 - discount).
12. A. student.name B. student["Grad Year"] C. student.greeting() D. student["Favorite Teacher"].name E. student.courseLoad[0]
13. A. '32' Since integers map to their exact string representation. B. 1 because '3' is casted into an int when the (3 - 2) operation is performed. C. The output here is 3 since null is treated as 0. D. The output is '3null' because null is casted into a string and is concatenated to '3'. E. 4 will be outputted since true maps as 1 so (3 + 1) is calculated. F. This operation outputs 0 since flase maps to 0 and null also maps to 0 so 0 + 0 is 0. G. This outputs '3undefined' since undefined is casted to a string an is concatenated to '3'. H. This output is NaN since the integer 3 cant be subtracted by undefined.
14. A. This outputs true since '2' is casted to its integer value and 2>1 evaluates to true. B. The output of this is false since the strings '2' and '12' are compared by numerical order. This is false because '2' is greater than '1' so any number that contains '2' as the first character will be larger than a number that contains '1' as the first character. C. The output will be true since the string '2' will be casted to an integer value and 2==2 evaluates to true. D. This output is false since 2 is and int and '2' is a string and they are not the same datatype. E. This outputs false because true maps to the integer value 1 and 1 does not equal 2. F. This outputs since true and Boolean(2) are both the same datatype.
15. The '==' operator compares the values of the two operands while the '===' operator compares the values and the datatypes of the operands.
    Q17 The result of this function will be [2, 4, 6] since the function modifyArray() first loops through the input array which is [1, 2, 3]. At each iteration, the function doSomething() is called with the current value of the input array as its parameter. The doSomething() function multiples each value by 2 and returns that value. Then the number returned from doSomething is pushed into the array 'newArr' which is then returned. So every number in the input array is doubled.
    Q19 1 4 3 2
